feat(changelog): kubernetes-added-dedicated-control-plane-offers 2023-09-06 (#2116)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2023/2023-09-06-kubernetes-added-dedicated-control-plane-offers.mdx

---
title: Dedicated Control Plane offers are now generally available for Kapsule and Kosmos
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-09-06
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

> Boost your Kubernetes performance thanks to our Dedicated Control Planes, available with 4, 8 or 16GB RAM. An exclusive resource to orchestrate mission-critical, at scale and production workloads, highly available with a 99.95% uptime SLA! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated control planes are now generally available for Kapsule and Kosmos! Boost your Kubernetes performance thanks to our dedicated control planes, available with 4, 8 or 16GB RAM. An exclusive resource to orchestrate mission-critical, at scale and production workloads, highly available with a 99.95% uptime SLA! 
```

> Dedicated Control Planes are available in Console, CLI, and Terraform. Find more details on [our website](https://www.scaleway.com/en/kubernetes-dedicated-control-plane/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated control planes are available in the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/), the CLI, and Terraform. Refer to [our documentation](/kubernetes-dedicated-control-plane/) for more information.
```
